---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Developing algorithms and building real-world systems that involves with Smart devices (i.e. IoT, smartphone, tablet, wearable devices), Wireless communication (i.e., WiFi, Bluetooth Low Energy), Sensing technology, Signal processing, Software Defined Networking and Applied Machine learning techniques. In developing such systems and applications, I address research challenges in the direction of energy efficiency, bandwidth improvement, WLAN virtualization, ensuring E2E QoS, user's mobility, localization and network security etc. Following are few such examples
? Extending Software Defined Network (SDN) at the edge of wireless network to have open and programmable wireless network edge, so that, we can have more intelligent wireless network to cope up with the complexity and the dynamic nature of modern mobile applications.
?  Pushing SDN capability all the way to end-devices to bring last-hop under the control of the SDN framework to provide new services and tools.
? A WLAN virtualization service by slicing and managing airtime share between end-devices.
?  SDN-based application and flow types awareness framework that provides on-the-fly fine-grained visibility and control over the network traffic generated by different mobile applications and corresponding various flow-types running on wireless network edges. 
? Developing a cross interface Acoustic-Wi-Fi framework that integrates the Wi-Fi interface and the acoustic interface of the smart device. This framework, for the first time, integrated two wireless interfaces with two different propagation mediums (i.e. electromagnetic and acoustic).
? Utilizing Acoustic-Wi-Fi framework to improve the efficiency of Wi-Fi power saving scheme for smart devices.
? Utilizing Acoustic-Wi-Fi framework to develop a smart contention resolution scheme among the contending devices to address the overhead of the Wi-Fi back off scheme (i.e. contention window countdown, DIFS) and reduces the overall collisions among the devices.
?  Utilizing both the audio interface (e.g., microphone, speaker and sound driver) and the RF interface (e.g., Wi-Fi) at the kernel-level of commercial-off-the-shelf smart devices to develop a high-accuracy (i.e., centimeter level), one-way sensing, energy efficient, and light-weight  relative-range estimation scheme. 
? Developing indoor localization system for smart device leveraging inertia sensors of the smartphone and the high-accuracy ranging scheme. 
? Leveraging the smartphone sensors to build energy profiling of home appliances uses.
? Implementing a framework that can provide flexible and energy efficient developing environment for wearable sensing applications. 
? Developing SDN-based architecture of enterprise-wide Bluetooth low energy (BLE)-based service deployment with local control for on-demand IoT service creation

